{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red60\green64\blue68;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green25\blue26;
\red9\green47\blue157;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c30196\c31765\c33725;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c12549\c12941\c13333;
\cssrgb\c2353\c27059\c67843;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25660\viewh16680\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
DevOps\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
DevOps is a set of practices that combines software development and IT operations. It aims to shorten the systems development life cycle and provide continuous delivery with high software quality. DevOps is complementary with Agile software development; several DevOps aspects came from the Agile methodology\
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa28\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Coding \'96 code development and review,\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Version_control"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 source code management}}\'a0tools, code merging.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Building \'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continuous_integration"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 continuous integration}}\'a0tools, build status.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Testing \'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continuous_testing"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 continuous testing}}\'a0tools that provide quick and timely feedback on business risks.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Packaging \'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binary_repository_manager"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 artifact repository}}, application pre-deployment staging.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Releasing \'96 change management, release approvals,\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Application_release_automation"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 release automation}}.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Configuring \'96 infrastructure configuration and management,\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infrastructure_as_code"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 infrastructure as code}}\'a0tools.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Monitoring \'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Application_performance_management"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 applications performance monitoring}}, end-user experience.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Continuous Integration / Continuous Delivery/Deployment\
\
\
static code analysis/code style\
\
build\
\
deploy\
\
Smoke Test\
\
\
\
\
\
Kanban\
Visualization with a board\
\
\
Waterfall\
- work in a linear fashion\
\
\
Agile\
- break a project into smaller iterative periods\
- Scrum\
	framework that helps teams work together. \
	the idea is to learn through experiences\
	self organization\
	Collaboration\
	Timeboxing\
	reflect on wins and losses and continuously improve\
- Sprint\
- work is the primary measure of progress\
- daily work on the project\
- face to face/standup\
\
\
\
Epic \'97> User Story \'97> Task\
\
Feature??\
\
\
\
\
}